Title: How to make a site look nice on mobile devices
Date: 2012-03-29 04:46
Author: jchen
Category: blog
Tags: web
Slug: mobile-design

So with the recent proliferation of smart phones, web designers have had
to come up with some new ways to make their site functional and
attractive on a small touch screen. Most often, a site designer will
create a mobile domain that is a complete rewrite to look just like an
app running on your phone. These sites serve their purpose to optimize
the small screen real estate and integrate into the overall mobile
experience, but this method takes a lot of work to completely redesign a
site just for mobile browsers. In addition, with the current variety in
different types of smart phones, designers may have a lot of updating
and maintenance to do in order to keep up with the changes in screen
size, performance, and compatibility. Other times, these mobile sites
are so buggy that I would rather use the clunky desktop site on my
phone.

Why does a smaller screen warrant a complete redesign? Instead of
spending so much time and effort into a second design, I believe that
good mobile site design allows for users to have a consistent browsing
experience across devices. I want \*.sjchen.com to look good on my
desktop, smartphone and tablet with one design. The point here is to
create a layout and interface that doesn't rely on how much screen real
estate is available. I'm somewhat happy with what I have now... A work
in progress modified minimal theme for this blog, and a somewhat clean
static html site for the homepage. I have still got a lot of work to do.
